- kids
hey I'm Joe exotic welcome to my island
home to the greatest collection of tiger
villagers in the war
hey you gay well how about now
and what do you think it was that
attracted Joe to you in particular it's
my way of life and some people are
trying to take it away from me
I owe that [__] [__] Isabel and her
husband Tom Nook a whole lot of money
and she's using it to try to shut me
down did you know she pegged her last
husband to death I've been at my wit's
in trying to come up with ways to pay
them but I think I finally figured it
out
what who the [__] is that
you're supposed to kill that [__]
[__] Isabel you [__] that was the
last of my money I'm gonna go bankrupt
[__] [__]
god damn you I'm gonna shoot you right
between the [__] eyes [__]
sometimes Tigers get sick you gotta
euthanize them
[Music]
it's called - sponsored by Gaia Bragg
introducing gamer bread the world's
first high-performance bread made for
gamers it's got an ambidextrous grip
strengthen fingers and improved exit
[Laughter]
it's a raid chatter legends at where are
you going I still need to tell you about
the excellent traffic's beautiful on say
look at that gameplay it is so freely
here give it a whirl
what are you doing don't you want to try
that captivating campaign excellent PvP
dungeons champions fair enough I can't
force you but I can't bribe you if you
go to the video description click on the
special links under a new player you'll
get a hundred thousand silver and a free
epic champion Joe turn your Lutz we'll
be waiting for you here but hurry it's
only available for the next 30 days
thank you
[Music]